(foreboding music)
(footsteps echoing)
(Tetsuzaemon grunting)
(Momo gasps)
(foreboding music)
(footsteps echoing)
Okay, that does it.
Burner Finger Two.
(foreboding music)
(Toshiro groans)
That's the best you can do?
[Cang Du] That's enough, Bazz-B.
-Hmm?
-Back off.
This one is mine.
[Bazz-B] You stealing
my kill, Cang Du?
His Majesty's not
gonna like that.
It was His command
that they be killed
with their own Bankai,
so I think he'll
be fine with it.
Tsk.
(Toshiro grunting)
Rangiku.
She's your precious
lieutenant, isn't she?
It's only right she
should die by your side.
Stern Ritter I,
Cang Du, The Iron,
I think those who live
together should die together.
That's just how I operate.
Bankai.
Daiguren Hyorinmaru.
This must be your first time
seeing it from the other side.
It's a beautiful Bankai.
This too is something
you lived with.
This Bankai that
I stole from you
will continue to live
even after your death.
For that, I am truly sorry.
-[Kisuke] Hello?
-Hm?
[Kisuke] Oh, I got through.
Wait, is that-
[Kisuke] It's me, Kisuke.
Hey, there.
Good news, I've found a way
to reclaim everyone's Bankai.
(Mayuri gasps)
("STARS" by w.o.d)
(singing in Japanese)
-("STARS" by w.o.d)
-(singing in Japanese)
What did you say?
That you've discovered a
way of reclaiming Bankai?
[Kisuke] Yeah. Well, to be
more precise I discovered
a weakness in the method the
Quincies use to steal Bankai,
a weakness we can exploit
to keep them from stealing
any more.
Even better, we can use
it to reclaim the Bankai
they've already stolen.
That's the main point.
The man's a genius,
no doubt about it.
Quiet, you idiot!
Well, I must say,
if this is true,
you've made a most
remarkable discovery.
[Kisuke] Aah, it was nothing.
For me, it was a
piece of cake, really.
However, this other business
is something entirely different.
[Kisuke] What other bus-
[Mayuri] To affix a
communication device
to my clothing without my
permission is a serious crime.
[Kisuke] Okay, okay,
but wait, wait.
You're not going to
cut me off, are you?
Goodbye.
Oh, come on, are you serious?
Don't hang up.
Well, that was kind of rude.
[Staff] It's him.
Ha, I didn't mean
to scare everybody.
Sorry about that.
I was calling from inside
the Precipice World.
Anyway, I was hoping I could
get your cooperation on this,
Captain Kurotsuchi.
Hmph. There's nothing much I
can do to help, I'm afraid.
As you can see from
this devastation,
the Quincies have badly crippled
the Department of
Research and Development.
Whoa, whoa, come on.
Not all of it, they haven't.
There's still your
laboratory, right?
Kudos to you, by the
way, for figuring out
that the Quincies were
hiding in the shadows
and outfoxing them.
So, can I count on your help?
Captain.
(beeping)
[Akon] Confirm the locations
of all captains and lieutenants.
[Staff] Yes, sir!
Release the remaining
Kaizochu Insects.
Have them modify any
Quincy mechanical devices,
so we can take
advantage of them.
Let's get them connected
to the system in this room.
(alarm buzzes)
[Staff] It's no good,
we can't connect.
[Akon] This has never
been done before,
they're not going to
connect right away.
Keep trying!
[Staff] Yes, sir.
[Kisuke] These are Shineiyaku.
Those are what you
were talking about?
Yeah.
These are the things
that can keep our Bankai
from being stolen.
Do you know why I chose
to remain in Hueco Mundo,
even after hearing the
reports of captains
having their Bankai
stolen from them?
It wasn't because I
was working on my tan.
It's because that's
where I first found out
how we can stop these
Quincy Bankai-snatchers.
The turning point was the
battle with Quilge Opie
after he had consumed a Hollow.
His appearance crumbled
the moment he absorbed it.
It made me realize
he wasn't able
to completely control its power.
As I'm sure you know,
Captain Kurotsuchi
with an Arrancar's Resurreccion,
the power of its soul
is shaped into a sword
and then released in order to
obtain even greater powers.
In its way, this skill is
nearly identical to a Bankai.
So if a captain's
Bankai can be stolen,
the same should apply to the
Resurreccion of an Arrancar.
However, I haven't
found evidence
that any Arrancar has ever
had its Resurreccion stolen.
It's not like the Quincies
have an aversion to Arrancar.
Far from it.
They've captured
untold numbers of them
and turned them
into foot soldiers.
And yet, they've never
stolen their Resurreccion.
Why is that?
It can be only one
of two reasons.
Either it's a skill
that can't be stolen
or the Quincies have
learned that stealing it
would be
disadvantageous to them.
Hm.
As you've said, based on all
your research into Hollows,
there is no reason why
Quincies can steal Bankai
but not Resurreccion.
Therefore, we must assume
it is not to their advantage
to steal it.
[Staff] We've located
the Spiritual Pressures
of the captains both inside
and outside the Seireitei!
[Staff] Tenteikura is ready.
Communication can commence.
And not a minute too soon.
[Kisuke] Attention, captains
and lieutenants
of the Thirteen
Court Guard Squad.
This is Kisuke Urahara
speaking, greetings.
Some of you may not have met
me or even know who I am,
but if you don't mind,
You dumb ass, we all
know who you are.
[Kisuke] for another time.
I've sent a black
pill to each of you
along with this message.
This Shineiyaku only reacts
to those who possess Bankai.
Now, go ahead and touch it
with your hands, your feet,
or your sword.
The pill will be absorbed
at the point of contact
and will permeate the
innermost part of your soul.
This may be the answer
to a question I've had
about the Quincies that
has always puzzled me.
I've long suspected that their
hostility towards the Hollows
is not based on resentment,
as the legends would have it.
Hostility, especially hostility
of such an enduring nature,
usually arises from a
difference in ideology,
but that's not the
case with Hollows,
who have neither a
will or an ideology.
There's only one explanation
for why the Quincies have held
such a lasting
hostility towards them.
It's fear, the primal,
instinctive fear
one naturally feels
for anything that
endangers one's life.
That's exactly right.
You could say it's
almost like Quincies
are a breed that
hasn't developed
any antibodies against Hollows.
The very existence of Hollows
is poisonous to Quincies.
Encroachment by the Hollows
not only weakens their
spiritual powers,
but leads to the
decay of their souls
and ultimately their death.
And unlike Soul Reapers,
they don't have a path
to Hollowfication.
That's the real
reason the Quincies
are determined to
exterminate the Hollows.
So if we were to absorb just a
small amount of Hollow power,
and Hollowfy our Bankai,
even for a moment
then our Bankai will become
poison to the Quincies too.
(Bankai shattering)
[Cang Du] What's going on?
What happened?
(Toshiro grunting)
[Cang Du] What did you just do?
[Toshiro] Beats me.
Maybe this is Hyorinmaru's way
of saying he wants to come home.
(Cang Du sighs)
[BG9] So you still have
the will to resist,
even after your
Captain has fallen.
I wanted to collect more data
from her before she died.
[Marechiyo] Here, Captain.
Take this.
It should enable you
to use your Bankai,
but don't ask me why,
because I didn't really
understand the explanation.
Could you speak a little louder?
The sensitivity of
my sonic collector
automatically decreases
after close-range explosions.
(BG9 grunts)
My connection seems
to have weakened.
My Hollowfied Bankai.
It's short-circuiting
your functions,
you walking scrap heap.
So then, you heard
everything he said, Captain.
Of course.
Who wouldn't be woken up
by that obnoxious
voice shouting at them?
Bankai.
Jakuho Raikoben!
What?
[Soi Fon] Get ready,
Marechiyo. Brace yourself.
I'm ready.
But why is that Bankai with you?
That's a good question.
I'll send it on over so you
can analyze it for yourself.
(explodes)
I wouldn't push him too far.
I don't think he's crazy about
being forced to hurt himself.
Stop talking as if your Bankai
had a conscious mind of its own.
I don't believe in pantheism.
(Cang Du grunts)
So Bankai doesn't have
a soul of its own?
I can't believe you
actually think that.
[Hyorinmaru] But apparently
that is what he thinks.
I haven't heard your
voice in awhile.
Glad to have you back,
Hyorinmaru.
My wings, I'm not sure
what's going on with my face,
but he did say something
about temporarily
Hollowfying Bankai.
Damn you!
Oh well, what the hell.
Long as it's only temporary.
[Cang Du] Shejintsao!
(Cang Du gasps)
[Toshiro] The cross-shaped
flower, Hyorinmaru's crest
Sorry I couldn't
make it a pentagram.
Well, so much for Cang Du.
Man, that's pathetic.
(Toshiro panting)
There, that oughta do it.
Hang on, Rangiku.
Hang on, I'm coming.
(Bankai shattering)
(tense foreboding music)
The Bankai, the Soul
Reapers have got it back.
Now you've really
gone and done it.
You're probably thinking
I should surrender
since I'm so
hopelessly outnumbered.
But even though I'm pissed off
about you killing my comrades,
there are certain
techniques I can finally use
now that they're gone.
Your perception,
your whole reality
it's about to get
flipped upside-down.
-(ominous music)
-Bankai.
Sakashima Yokoshima
Happo Fusagari.
Your sense of enemy and
ally has been reversed,
making you attack your own side.
All thanks to my Bankai,
Sakashima Yokoshima
Happo Fusagari.
Unfortunately, the way enemies
and allies are all mixed up
in the Seireitei right now,
I can't just use it whenever
and wherever I want.
So if this really means that
we don't have to worry about
your Bankai getting stolen,
let's go on the attack.
Wait, I think we
should have a plan
before we just go
running out there.
Huh?
I don't know, I just
got a bad feeling.
Oh, it's just you.
I wasn't expecting to
find you guys here.
Yeah, well, the sense
of anticlimax is mutual.
So why are you here?
[Shiuhei] I got lost.
The landscape looks
completely different,
and the enemy's spreading
highly concentrated Reishi
throughout the Seireitei to
keep us from tracking them.
They're able to hide
in the shadows, right?
There's no telling where they
might jump out from next.
-They could be-
-(Mask De Masculine yelling)
Not bad, for a warm-up
act on the under card.
(tense foreboding music)
I'll give you a
B-plus for effort.
We'll show you who's
on the under card!
We're going to rip that mask off
and get a good look
at your ugly face!
Ooh, a one-round,
three-against-one death match
to take off my mask.
I like the sound of that!
Get out here, James.
Ring that bell!
-Yes, sir!
-(bell rings)
Bring it on!
You got it!
(both gasp)
I don't know why you boys
are still hiding
your true powers.
You don't have a
chance without 'em,
especially when you're
fighting a superstar!
(Mask De Masculine chuckling)
Hey, what the hell?
Let's make this a
chain death match.
Huh.
What'd you think you're
doing up there, huh?
So who cares if we lost
the powers we stole?
I've got a bigger problem.
That doggy captain I was
looking forward to fighting
isn't even in the Seireitei!
Dammit, if he wasn't
gonna be here,
somebody should have told me!
Hey, are you girls
even listening to me-
Where the heck did everyone go?
Now you've got me looking
like I'm out here
talking to myself, ugh!
Lil! Gigi!
Meni! Candy!
Quit hiding!
(Bambietta growling)
Get out here right now!
I'll show you what happens
when you embarrass your leader.
I'll turn this whole
area into a wasteland
until I smoke you girls out!
[Sajin] Stop!
Doggy?
What're you wearing
that bucket for?
Is it 'cause you're too
scared to look me in the eyes?
I don't have time
to deal with you.
My only concern is
to fulfill my vow
to avenge Master Genryusai's
death by taking Yhwach's head!
Oh, I get it.
But because you're
such a loyal doggy,
you made a brief detour
to come here and
protect your buddies.
But isn't it a little
early for the hero
to come riding to the rescue?
You should've waited till
there was like only
one building left standing
in the Seireitei.
That would've been more
dramatic, don't you think?
-[Shinji] Maybe so.
-Hm?
But if that's the case,
then I guess you'd have to say
we're not very good heroes.
We just don't have the patience
to stand around and wait
until the Seireitei
is totally torn apart.
I'm sorry.
[Bambietta] Who are you?
I got this, Sajin.
-You can go.
-[Sajin] Thanks.
Hey, I didn't say that
the doggy could go-
What's the matter?
Feeling sick or something?
Wha-what is this?
Sakanade, it's my Zanpakuto.
Everything you see
is suddenly reversed.
Up is down and left is right.
Makes it very
difficult to fight.
Feeling dizzy?
Oh just wait.
I've been practicing
to have my words come
out backwards, too.
This won't stop me.
I told you it
would be difficult.
(Shinji speaking backwards)
What the hell are you saying?
I'm seriously not a
fan of killing girls,
but I hope you'll forgive me.
Go to hell!
Damn you son of a-
Did you miss the part about
everything being reversed?
Maybe you should call
your friends for help.
Oh, sorry.
I can see you don't
have any friends.
I'm going to wipe that
stupid grin off your face
and then I'll finish Doggy.
You won't be doing
either of those things.
-(Shiuhei grunting)
-(Mask De Masculine chuckling)
Want it, take it.
Now, finish him off!
(Mask De Masculine grunting)
(foreboding music)
Huh?
(Yhwach chuckling)
It has come at last.
Rejoice, Stern Ritters.
(Shinji gasps)
(bell ringing)
That light.
What the hell is going on?
How about a little
Quincy Voll Stern Dich.
I wasn't able to
use this before,
the Bankai was in the way.
So really, I should
be grateful to you
for allowing me to
access this power.
[Yhwach] You shall
soon come to regret
regaining your
Bankai, Soul Reapers.
Your dream of a
righteous battle brimming
with hope and warmth ends here.
The true despair begins now.
(amp buzzing)
("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
(singing in Japanese)
(Ichigo grunting)
It's so close, and yet so far.
(Ichigo gasps)
What the hell was that?
It doesn't matter.
I've got to keep moving forward.
It happened again.
(Ichigo groans)
(tense sinister music)
[Sajin] I will continue
to fight myself
as long as I have the
fangs in my heart.
-("Endroll" by Yoh Kamiyama)
-(singing in Japanese)